fixed the response code when copying the shared from to personal via webdav (#4782)
cs3org/reva: changelog/unreleased/fix-copy-responce-webdav.md

> Bugfix: Fixed the response code when copying the shared from to personal
> 
> We fixed the response code when copying the file from shares to personal space with a secure view role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bugfix: Fixed the response code when copying from a share to a personal space

We fixed the response code when copying a file from a share to a personal space with a secure view role.
```

Maybe this says it more clearly?

Author: OMG Thank you @phil-davis With the `Bugfix` descriptions it's happened because of the annoying validation saying `too long`  `still too long`
